Add xades support (#199)
XML-Security/signxml: signxml/xades/README.rst

#############
XAdES by ETSI
#############

> `W3C Note: XML Advanced Electronic Signatures (XAdES) <https://www.w3.org/TR/XAdES>`_ is outdated and has aparently been superseeded by standard development by `ETSI <https://www.etsi.org/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`W3C Note: XML Advanced Electronic Signatures (XAdES) <https://www.w3.org/TR/XAdES>`_ is outdated and has apparently been superseded by standard development by `ETSI <https://www.etsi.org/>`_.
```
